okay I guess we can get started
so initiatives first oh yeah the
principle agenda
okay initiatives up wait to go up first
release process this is me we have
entered into stage two release process
for encoder chef s is your book which
Mike - we already have early testers
running it in deaf deployments we will
probably enter stage three next week
assuming nothing goes weird where the
testing process also may then Russell
assistant team we now have regular
meetings every Wednesday 18 PST here at
the to local timezone Allen is currently
reviving Ibis benchmarks and then we're
gonna try getting go testing as well
this is currently this is built in
JavaScript but they can work with both i
roland has done some architecture design
work for the test lab i and jim has done
a bunch of work i for like UI mock-ups
we still need to like make sure we seem
to be mean thank you we're gonna pull it
now at that meeting and sync up on like
what this benchmarks currently does
because we can probably reuse some
instructors some of the UI i depending
on like the test we're going to run I'll
hand it off to whoever wants it about
championing adjacent yes
this might have been an ally doing great
like it is a Dirk yeah I can talk about
that and so basically we're trying to
just kind of close out that garbage
collection PR that's been running for
quite a while now and so with Alan I was
talking about it and we thought it would
probably be best to try to get something
something out there because it was kind
of like a lot of ideas about
improvements that can be made to it and
ways of doing it better and so we're
just trying to kind of narrow down the
scope to a minimum labeled garbage
collection and then poking issues for
her outstanding stuff and I'm kind of
splitting my time between that and
ramping up on improvement like the a bad
performance or go like the FS for
delegated routing is that a Alan thing
and Alan happens not be with us is
that's what Ellen and I can talk about
it yeah I can you hear me yes yep so
it's something I've been looking at for
for my integration with brave basically
it's a nice stopgap until we implement
actually beautiful transport we would
ship embedded Jess ipfs does delegated
routing and having debugging performance
deeper
last week and today and basically we
need to like that there's a performance
problem of how those modules are
implemented right now there are no
trolling and we have the limitation of
how many concurrent requests we can do
for single domain in web browser and
also we are doing swarm Connect
constantly which is not necessary at
least we could short
over some time windows so I got some
changes luckily that I will PR that
should address that that's a separate
topic of gateway API commands
configuration option in go ipfs not
wired into anything I talked about this
briefly with Stephen that like it's like
eventually to be worried up but for
immediate immediate need its to get
those Lippe to be modules responsible
for delegated routing to the point where
we can actually ship them with Jessica
fest like the current version will just
float not only the browser but also our
preload nodes toggle DDoS protection so
when I decrease that the flawed it still
got blocked on the other end so we need
we need to figure out box library and
also configuration of our pre handle a
lot of requests because we can we will
decrease the number of requests and from
individual node but if we deploy it as a
default or like as opt-in and people by
default we'll use our pre old notes just
like they did with WebSockets tar will
quickly run into similar problems I
guess that's like current state I think
Bosh goes out but he's working on
I believe getting the fallback
implementation finished up the base
gossip supplementation is done and I
think we've got the work done for
falling back to flood sub but we need to
finish up interrupt tests in for go nsj
and then we should hopefully be able to
release that soon so I guess it's to
make it with no that would be yep I
believe we sort of got a better idea how
to handle this for the local host had a
thing yesterday with Stephen we there's
like a sort of clear clear path for
works for localhost isolation between
subdomains and path based gateway an
unknown problem is how to handle those
all those bash scripts that expect half
base gateway
I mean if we suddenly start redirecting
path based gateway and point to the
subdomain one that will introduce HTTP
redirect and a lot of scripts out there
the wild are not expecting redirect and
will just crash but that's something we
can mitigate by enabling redirect only
for web browser user agents initially
mostly will like will care about origin
separation the web browsers so that
makes sense it's anything I missed even
though this one will think you're a
variant encoding purities series I'd
like to give you look at this of course
so the people really put this recipe
folks so I guess
is here even so no music okay secondly
who are here I yeah basically jobless we
can you the distillate b2b and make this
work for all say IDs or we can do this
are sorry all parodies or we can do this
as an half of the Gateway I'd like to do
it - hello er just because makes it
simpler
so I guess next is replica solid Asian
yeah so similar to what go let me beat
core did I'm Ana Paula dated all those
repos we're going to do some of the
similar with J slippy to be core modules
and then with the J's will be to be
interfaces will join us something to be
working on that this week
start with the interfaces because that's
the least obtrusive thing and then work
my way to KS and that'll probably just
do a repo consolidation first but then
look at what we can do to optimize tests
Steven I had a good concert here in Joe
ffs go destined to be - core are thee
but that's the interface for echo I want
to make sure that we don't have
situation where like that's our
interfaces and then GS has an inch base
record core meet something totally
different
confusing um so what do you mean by core
do you mean like core primitive support
like what so it will be so it's
basically all of the modules that Jay s
lipid B needs to function by itself so
add the connection manager repo not the
interfaces themselves but the actual
code we're gonna bring the new one
central repo is there any way we could
change this around I'm just like yes
this makes sense but it's going to
really cause a lot of confusion because
you go we have all been in quark who say
like this is there all the interfaces
and our like basic the instructors like
PID definitions all that kind of stuff
in this one repo so it's like the idea
is that you should build or import any
lipid P implementation but they use the
interfaces in court it's like a standard
thing I'm just goes like are you just
getting hung up like is it the naming
that you're you didn't turn about it
cause you know it'll just be J slippy to
be so will we
pulling those sub modules into the
libertage a slippy tepee repo oh okay
okay servers like if you have a DSS for
repo and it doesn't go then go just with
a few desk or you know so well how it
will end up with JSL of p2p which will
have those other those space those core
modules in it and then we'll have the
jeaious interfaces repo which will have
all of our our combined interfaces yes
okay wonderful
got it
then I guess for now on to blockers and
tasks I have one asked I said I have a
lot of one-on-ones on Mondays to
distribute knowledge and have time to
stick with people so that I keep this
much like visible if you want one I mean
I guess next when Hannah is wondering if
there is a JSP swap person okay they do
exist who is that
I guess that's me I'm the requirement in
team week who is like I've just been
brought on to do Jess bit swap I don't
know if they're so they're good I said
hey you
oh well honestly I just want to make
sure you if you need if you ever need
time to check in with me about like
things that have happened in that you're
looking to bring over to Jess ipfs bit
swap just I just want to let just say
that I'm available but you should be so
thank you
any other blockers or initiatives now I
can talk briefly about where I cast
things are at right now which is just
there's in my me list down below there's
a PR that's tracking all the pub sabaki
and I stuff there are an issue tracking
all of the PRS there's four that are
outstanding that are like basically
there I showed a demo during drying ipfs
camp just didn't get those over the line
and then we probably will need to start
working on like these features of IPs
that we have neglected because it was
slow like local pinning there have been
some pre-existing issues about that I
linked one of them I did just you should
be able to start up your node and the
same way you have 10 to content you
should have 10 by pianist records it's
as simple as that and then there's
there's sort of two tangential issues
like one is maybe splitting off I can
ask from ipfs because they've been
request from a number of parties about
that just being able to use that
separately and then also figuring out
like how much and when do we need Jesco
compatibility between these things
that's the current state there's any
questions
I think that's it unless selection of
parking lot I because I think most about
that what anything wants to put the perk
law issue many years coming Congrats
yes now we just need to see it fail when
production without coin I mean are like
not like you know fix it okay I think
that's it I have a wonderful week seal